NXDOC-1795 Update naming conventions (#970)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/studio/nuxeo-studio/administering-your-project/naming-conventions.md

        version: '1'

---

> This page provides you with naming conventions for Studio items configuration to make usage, maintenance and support easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides naming conventions for Studio items configuration to make usage, maintenance and support easier.
```

Using Naming Conventions enables you to debug more efficiently. By investigating `server.log`, you can instantly identify which type of configuration caused an error.
It also ensures better investigation of your issues by the Support Team.

{{#> callout type='tip' heading='quick switcher' }}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

By using prefixes, you can find elements of your configuration more easily.

> You can jump between any Studio feature or menu in a snap by typing its name. This action can be triggered by clicking the Jump To option on the bottom left of your Studio project, or using the Ctrl + K / ⌘ + K shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can jump between any Studio feature or menu in a snap by typing its name. This action can be triggered by clicking the **Jump To** option on the bottom left of your Studio project or using the Ctrl + K / ⌘ + K shortcut.
```

{{/callout}}

We strongly encourage you to follow these, especially if you are a beginner.

> ## General rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## General Rules
```

        version: '1'

---
This page provides naming conventions for Studio items configuration to make usage, maintenance and support easier.

Using Naming Conventions enables you to debug more efficiently. By investigating `server.log`, you can instantly identify which type of configuration caused an error.
It also ensures better investigation of your issues by the Support Team.

{{#> callout type='tip' heading='quick switcher' }}
By using prefixes, you can find elements of your configuration more easily.
You can jump between any Studio feature or menu in a snap by typing its name. This action can be triggered by clicking the **Jump To** option on the bottom left of your Studio project or using the Ctrl + K / ⌘ + K shortcut.
{{/callout}}

We strongly encourage you to follow these, especially if you are a beginner.

## General Rules

- Use pascal case naming convention (initial uppercase letter).
  - Example: `PascalCase`

> - Avoid using hyphens (-), use underscore instead. Automation scripting cannot use items that contain hyphens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use underscore `_`, instead of hyphens `-`. Automation scripting doesn't work with items containing hyphens.
```
